README.md, before:

# CoffiDa-App
https://github.com/ethanshapely/CoffiDaApp

Installation guide:
- System requirements: Node.js installed.
- Run the following commands in terminal after using 'cd' to navigate to your desired file location: "git clone https://github.com/ethanshapely/CoffiDaApp" (or alternatively extract the files from a .zip download from the github repository page), "cd CoffiDaApp", "npm install" or "npm i" to install the node modules, "npm i @react-navigation/native", "npm i @react-navigation/stack", "npm i react-native-gesture-handler", "npm i @react-native-async-storage/async-storage", "npm i react-native-safe-area-context", "npm i react-native-screens", "npm i @react-native-community/masked-view" to install the navigation dependencies.

Running the application:
- To run the app to be run on an android device (or alternatively an android emulator) navigate your terminal to the CoffiDaApp directory and run "npx react-native run-android".
Other devices and OS' have not been tested, but the steps needed to run on non-android platforms should be found in the official React Native documentation.

Commit message:

Slight changes to the code style in home.js and proper referencing to the coffida-server repository

README.md, after:

# CoffiDa-App
https://github.com/ethanshapely/CoffiDaApp

This App works with the coffida-server by Ashley Williams that can be found here: https://github.com/ash-williams/coffida_server

Installation guide:
- System requirements: Node.js installed.
- Run the following commands in terminal after using 'cd' to navigate to your desired file location: "git clone https://github.com/ethanshapely/CoffiDaApp" (or alternatively extract the files from a .zip download from the github repository page), "cd CoffiDaApp", "npm install" or "npm i" to install the node modules, "npm i @react-navigation/native", "npm i @react-navigation/stack", "npm i react-native-gesture-handler", "npm i @react-native-async-storage/async-storage", "npm i react-native-safe-area-context", "npm i react-native-screens", "npm i @react-native-community/masked-view" to install the navigation dependencies.

Running the application:
- To run the app to be run on an android device (or alternatively an android emulator) navigate your terminal to the CoffiDaApp directory and run "npx react-native run-android".
Other devices and OS' have not been tested, but the steps needed to run on non-android platforms should be found in the official React Native documentation.
